Move starter project into `dbt` repo (#3474)
fishtown-analytics/dbt: core/dbt/include/starter_project/README.md

Welcome to your new dbt project!

### Using the starter project

Try running the following commands:
- dbt run
- dbt test

### Resources:
- Learn more about dbt [in the docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/introduction)
- Check out [Discourse](https://discourse.getdbt.com/) for commonly asked questions and answers

> - Join the [chat](http://slack.getdbt.com/) on Slack for live discussions and support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join the [chat](https://community.getdbt.com/) on Slack for live discussions and support
```
